# Project Structure: Syncsphere

## Overview:
Syncsphere is a Flutter package designed to check internet connectivity and provide easy integration into Flutter applications. Below is an overview of the project's file structure and its responsibilities.

## File Structure:

### lib/
Contains all the code files for the Syncsphere package.

#### sync_sphere.dart
This file contains the main logic for checking internet connectivity and providing the Syncsphere widget.

#### syncsphere_widget.dart
Contains the Syncsphere widget, which can be wrapped around other widgets to monitor internet connectivity.

### test/
Contains test files for testing the functionality of the Syncsphere package.

#### syncsphere_widget_test.dart
Contains tests for the Syncsphere widget to verify its behavior when wrapped around other widgets.

### pubspec.yaml
The pubspec.yaml file contains all the dependencies required for the Syncsphere package, including dependencies for testing.

## Documentation System:
For documentation, consider using autogenerated documentation systems like Dartdoc, which can generate documentation from code comments.

## Coding Style:
- **Linting**: Adhere to the linting rules defined by the Dart language and Flutter framework.
- **Formatting**: Use Dart's formatter for code formatting to maintain consistency.
- **Variable Naming**: Follow camelCase for variable names, PascalCase for class names, and snake_case for file names.

## Example Widget Integration:
```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:sync_sphere/sync_sphere.dart';

void main() {
  runApp(MyApp());
}

class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      home: SyncSphere(
        child: YourMainScreen(),
        whenOffine: YourOfflineScreenWidget(),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```
